{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21160\viewh8280\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Currently, all of my professional development in Python has been under an NDA with Indigo Ag. \
The Examples.py script in this repo is meant to demonstrate my understanding of class structures \
and writing of basic functions using some libraries I am familiar with. The purpose of the code here \
is to show a survey of the basics that I have mastered over the past several months. I had no \
prior experience with Python before June 2021.\
\
The GEE.rtf file is a text example of code I developed inside Google Earth Engine during my \
masters work. It does not have strong super structure as it was written to accomplish a task in \
isolation. I was self taught in GEE at the time. The purpose of this code is to show some basic \
understanding of digital image processing in the context of classifying agricultural/vegetation \
on the landscape. The code cannot run without using ancillary files related to feature boundaries.\
\
There are several files with examples of code snippets I created during my masters work in R. \
Again, the architecture of this code is not very maintainable or generalizable but is in this repo \
to demonstrate my understanding of R syntax, ggplot functionality, and use of various statistical \
analysis packages to build statistical models. The stats.pdf file is a rough example of some \
basic statistical models I built for an exam in a statistics course during my degree.\
}